[Music]
so I'll get candles in my mom's lace
tablecloth and since it's Rachel's
birthday and we want it to be special I
thought I'd poach a salmon question why
do we always set their parties where you
poach things you want to be in charge of
the food committee question - why don't
we ones if they're parties with
committees why can't they just get some
pizzas and get some beers and have fun
yeah I agree
you know I think fancy parties are only
fun if you're fancy on the inside and
I'm just not sure we are all right you
guys don't want it to be special
fine throw any kind of party you want
don't we they're not real I start miles
beneath the surface these things okay
their faith see Hawk Hawk Wow it's it's
like porno for clowns
[Music]
I talked to Rachel's sisters neither of
them can come okay I'm so I still have
to invite Dylan and Emma and Shannon
Cooper whoa whoa no shanku cuz she uh
she steals stuff or maybe she doesn't
steal stuff and Joey just slept with her
and never called her back hey I liked
her
alright maybe maybe too much I don't
know I guess it just got scared I don't
think anyone will buy that okay hi honey
how'd it go yes
does the graduation from hell you know
my cousin went the hell on a football
scholarship you know I mean this is
supposed to be a joyous occasion
my sister's graduated from college
nobody thought she would it's a true
testament to what a girl from Long
Island would do for a Celica so what
happened my parents happened all they
had to do was sit in the same stadium
smile proudly and not talk about the
divorce but no ho they got into a huge
fight in the middle of the commencement
address Bishop tutu actually had to stop
and shush them you know what you know
what the good news is I get to serve
coffee for the next eight hours okay so
I guess we don't invite her parents well
how about just her mom why your mom
because I already invited her well did
you ask Stacy Ross I can't invite her
she also steals okay here are the
birthday candles where's the birthday
cake we're not having birthday cake
we're having birthday flan excuse me
it's a traditional Mexican custard
dessert that's nice happy birthday
Rachel there's some goo dr. Greene
oh my god it's Rachel's dad what are you
doing here what the father can't drop by
to see the daughter on her birthday the
father can but um since I am the
roommate I can tell you that she's not
here and I'll pass along the message
okay so bye-bye a party oh no no not a
party just a surprise gathering of
people Rachel knows this is Phoebe and
Chandler and Joey I'll never remember
all that I what's the deal Rachel comes
home people pop out and yell stuff is
that it this isn't your first surprise
party is it sir
Chinese menu guy forgot the menus so
basically just a Chinese guy hey dr.
Greene uh when you come with me we'll
put your jacket on Rachael's bed all
right that sounds like a two-person job
well my goodness what was that I am so
sorry I thought you were Rachel and we
just weren't ready for you yet you
thought I was Rachel yes because you
look so young and because you're both
you know white women Oh should I put my
coat in the bedroom no no I'll take that
for you
thank you that's so nice of festival the
balloon yes they happened to be on the
way here I was right if it's Kurt I
can't wait to hear the rest of it I
really have to go to the bathroom so hey
come with me I'll be late for gal pals
you know I got a restaurant Oh it'll be
fun come on
oh my god oh my god oh my god
thank you thanks what would Jack and
Chrissy do okay now that your code is
safely in the bed okay we can come back
the living room Joey and Chandler I
think it's time that you take dr. Greene
over to your place yes absolutely
why again because that's where the party
is you go this is just the staging area
right it's the stage you just want
anything else I'm staging here this is
clearly in the wrong apartment
alright you guys are off to party number
one and you who you are off to party
number Chandler could you at least send
some women to my party okay they're
coming Shh
[Music]
no you can exchange them if you want
okay hmm
now I love you even more
[Applause]
[Laughter]
[Music]
okay everybody there's food and drinks
on the table don't cross the hall right
now join ten let's go now just go happy
birthday sweetie
both of them are here both both of them
are here well we could count again okay
this is happening you know what this is
ridiculous
okay this is your birthday this is your
party I say we just put them all
together and if they can't deal with it
who cares I do
that's who look are you gonna be okay
well I have to be I don't really have a
choice I mean you know I can look at the
bright side I get to birthday parties
and to birthday cakes well actually just
one birthday flan what it's a
traditional Mexican custard dessert look
talk to Monica she's on the food
committee
joe-joe some girl just walked up to me
and said I want you Denis and stuck a
tongue down my throat I love this party
quick quick volleyball question
volleyball yeah we set up a court in
your room you didn't really like that
great lamp did you don't let me just
stuck her tongue down my throat I'm not
even listening to you okay that's me
honey can you keep dad occupied I'm
gonna go talk to mom for a while okay if
you have any ideas for any opener oh
let's just stay clear of I'm the guy
that's doing your daughter and you
should be okay okay I want you to take a
piece of paper you go and write down
your most embarrassing memory oh and I
do ask that when you're not using the
markers you put the caps back on them
because they will dry out hi dr. dream
so how's everything in the vascular
surgery game it's not a game
Ross a woman died on my table today I'm
sorry
see that's the good thing about my job
all the dinosaurs on my table are
already dead
you guys I don't mean to be a pain about
this but I've noticed that some of you
are just placing them on you want to
push the caps until you hear them click
are you going
I am was sort of thinking about maybe
we're just getting started here
here's your marker so if you want to go
just go
no sure yell at me again all right I can
get you out in a minute I'm gonna create
a diversion I do well quickly to the
door and don't look back
I think I need a drink
oh yeah I'll get it for you what do you
want scotch scotch all right I'll be
back in 10 seconds with your scotch on
the rocks in a glass neat cool neat as
in no rocks I know
I have been in the bathroom
stay clear of the salmon mousse Oh
Scotch neat
you know that's Rachel's father's drink
Oh mine too isn't that neat
Scotch neat excuse me hey hey where are
you sneaking off to mister okay my
cigarettes out of my jack no no what do
you mean no no see cuz that that is
that's the staging area you're going
there it'll ruin the whole illusion of
the party I think you take your scotch
back in there and I will get your
cigarettes for you sir you get my
glasses too all righty-roo
what a great moment to say that for the
first time
okay
the first person's most embarrassing
memory is Monica your party sucks very
funny forget to use a coaster what
I don't see anything great I'm seeing
water rings again boss whose glasses are
those mine you wear bifocals mm-hmm I
have a condition
apparently that I require two different
sets of focal do you know my husband has
glasses just like that no well those are
very popular frames Neil Sedaka wears
them I hear you can get people out of
here
Rachel yeah you didn't tell me your
boyfriend's small oh yeah like a chimney
go big smoker in fact I'm gonna go out
into the hallway and fire up this bad
boy
are you wearing my glasses yes I was
just warming up the earpieces for you is
that one of my cigarettes yeah yes it is
I was just moistening the tip okay okay
she's taking the trash out so I can get
you out of here but it has to be now
she'll be back any minute what about my
friend Victor no only the three of you
any more than that should get suspicious
all right you just get my coat there
isn't time just leave everything they'll
take care of your next door that's who
they have beer everything you've heard
is true please try to keep it down try
to start a boggle tournament
what are you doing here
to the foul
Sippi all right I'm sorry but these
people needed me feels they work hard
all week it's Saturday night they
deserve to have a little fun go
party is fun maybe it's a little quieter
less obvious sort of fun but you know
we've people would just give it a chance
oh look
let me to see their abyss sweetheart you
obviously have a problem you've chosen a
boyfriend exactly like your father okay
mom you know what fine I'll make an
appointment okay but you know what right
now I gotta go I gotta I gotta go do a
thing did you know your mother spent
$1,200 on bonsai trees I feel like
Gulliver around that place really do but
I just have I just have to do some stuff
you work and you work and you work at a
marriage but all he cares about is his
stupid boat
you work and you work and you work on a
boat he already killed my pottery
classes and the sanding and your varnish
but we always said and done he still
drinks out of the month Yoga The Bridges
of Madison County the Scotch the
cigarettes lavon's I'm the Chihuahua I
may have only been in therapy for three
weeks now dear but okay okay you can be
shirts and I'll be skins oh these stairs
Hey
how you holding up there tiger I'm sorry
when my parents are getting divorced I
got a lot of tigers a lot of champs
cheeps
sports I even got a governor this is it
isn't it I mean this is what my life's
gonna be like my mom there my dad there
Thanksgiving Christmas she gets the
house he's in some condo my sister's
gonna decorate with wicker how did you
get through this well I relied on a
carefully regimented program of denial
and and wetting the bed
I just so weird I mean I was in there
just listening to them bitch about each
other but all I can think about what's
the fourth of July because it reminded
you of the way our forefathers used to
bitch at each other does this thing
every year we would go out on my dad's
boat and watch the fireworks
I'm always hated it because the ocean
air made her hair all big my sister Jill
would be throwing up over the side my
dad would be upset because nobody was
helping and then when we did help he
would scream at us for doing it wrong
but then when the fireworks started
everybody just shut up you know and it
get really cold we would all just sort
of smushed under this one blanket it
never occurred to anybody to bring
another one well now it's yeah
[Music]
okay thanks for coming I hope you guys
had fun all right Monica dear I'm gonna
hit the road now I've left my ten verbs
on the table
and maybe she won't send me that
finished poem they will do it again
I think I saw Rachel out in the hall
okay let me go check all right sweetie
what are you doing I'm getting ready for
the water skiing how are you going to
get my coat get my own coat
all right we're gonna made your flan hi
oh no you're not supposed to be here
because it's a staging area you should
it's all wrong
you should leave get out
or perhaps you'd like a creme de menthe
have to be heading toward my chateau
thank you oh all right well then I guess
we're going back in the ball all the way
thanks for coming mrs. Greene
okay you take care
oh you kids well this is the best party
I've been to in years thank you okay
everybody it's time for flan yep get
ready for the gelatinous fun it looks
like that stuff you get when you get a
bad infection that's enough okay we'll
make a special flan wish okay I've got
one Wow those things almost never come
true
you
[Music]